13 years ago when i won the rising star
award i bounced off my chair and i
popped my collar as i went up
and for years i never really understood
why i did that i couldn't
i couldn't articulate it for years
people have told me how arrogant it was
that i shouldn't have done it
and i've always said to myself if i ever
got back on the stage again
i'd apologize for it
i'm not going to do that recently i
realized why i did it
i felt vindicated i'd want something at
the time that someone like me was never
supposed to
something that i'd been told i couldn't
my journey in this business
has been a battle at times and as i
stand here right now i know a lot of the
work i've done
is not after worthy but i think this is
about the journey
it's about the times maybe it was worthy
and not recognized
i stand on the shoulders of giants i'm
not here without the people before me
and hopefully people see that i've tried
to elicit change in the industry
so this is for the underrepresented
anyone who sits at home believing that
they can achieve more
this is particularly for my young black
boys and girls out there
who never believed that this could
happen to them
i'm just i'm so so thankful
for this and you know years ago
i ended with the words yes we can
and we still can it's just tough so i
wanted to end this one a little bit
different
sometimes you'll feel like it's not
achievable
it is sometimes you'll feel like you're
not good enough
you are and sometimes you'll feel
like you don't deserve it
you do
[Applause]
[Music]
you